java c ARCH7809. Assignment 3 Brief Assignment           A3. Building envelope Deadline                Fri 22/11/2024 23:55 Weight                   40% Individual/group    Individual Purpose: • To identify the requirements on the building fabric and indoor environmental quality that influence architectural design. • To become aware of interdependencies between different aspects, such as acoustics and natural ventilation. Note 1. You can (and should) continue working on the same building used for Assignment 2. Note 2. If you are enrolled in ARCH7113 this year, you are recommended (not mandated) to work on your studio project. Otherwise, or if your design studio project is not sufficiently developed, you can use any building other than the building used for your assignment 1. It can be from a previous design studio, professional activity, or a building that you like (of comparable scale and complexity). Note 3. You are not required and, instead, are free to decide whether to implement changes in your ARCH7113 design based on what you learnt in ARCH7809. The submission requirements for the parts of this assignment are specified in the grading guide on the following page. The plans, sections, and elevations presented for the different tasks are the same, only with different annotations. The annotations on the drawings report information on the building envelope components and include the performance targets and performance indicators. You should consolidate your information for each part in a table similar to the example below (the table should be on the drawings). The first step is to define the performance targets in compliance with the NCC or other appropriate specifications for the building type (minimum target to achieve compliance or exceed the minimum required). These include: •代 写ARCH7809 A3. Building envelopeHaskell 代做程序编程语言   R-value/U-value •   SHGC (Solar Heat Gain Coefficient) and light transmittance for the glazing •   Solar absorbance of opaque building envelope components •   Optical-radiative properties of the shading devices •   Airborne and impact sound reduction •   Reverberation time and room acoustics •   You should include references to standards, sections of the NCC, or relevant guidelines. You can provide specifications that exceed the minimum performance requirements set in the NCC and/or include additional specifications - on behalf of your client - if they want to achieve higher quality or have specific needs. What is specified in the project documentation becomes part of the contract with the builder. Appropriate acoustical performance specifications for building types not covered in the NCC are offered by the AAAC (https://aaac.org.au/Guidelines--Downloads). Example of the tables on the A3 sheetsAn example that can be used as a template for the report is offered in the following table, to be developed for and adapted to each building component. For instance, solar heat gain coefficient light transmittance apply only to windows, normalised impact sound pressure level is for flooring only, etc.

Item Performance target Performance Ref Note 1 R-value/U-value

NCC clause  / standardDtS / performance solution / to be verified / subject to performance solution (contact specialist). 2 Solar heat gain coefficient

3Solar  absorbance    thermal emittance       (optical       and radiative properties)

… Add/delete rows as required

Submission requirements and details Please submit only one *.pdf file named: LastName_FirstName_ARCH7809_2024_A3.pdf

加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
